3.3 — Comments



 no major gray by age 51. "


My father had and sister has gray-green eyes (5). They seemed to change based on what they were wearing.

Both brothers have brown eyes like my mother's (21).






Father- blue





"The hair color at the crown is Brown
My hair color is Brown at the crown and then Gray at the temples.
Brown



 but most of my hair is still the natural color.  My father did not go grey until late 70s"


"Head hair and beard hair are different colors -- brown with a reddish tint on head
 with swaths of gray"
I was born with blond hair.
 though my brother was born with blue eyes that turned brown as a baby/toddler."



brown




brown

Dark Blonde
 or other irregularity.  "

 blonde highlights were put in my hair for sporting purposes and I have been doing that ever since. "


 also darkish red tints"

"I was born with blonde hair


Mother's eyes: Solid medium dark brown (most like #20 but with fewer variations)



My father was similar though he progressed to nearly black hair.



 as did one maternal great-uncle
 and my right eye is astigmatic."
fine

 my hair turned light brown around 12 and had some red/gold in it

"No change. Always very light blue like my father and maternal grandmother. My mother had brown eyes
I liked the eye pictures for reference.  You should do hair color too. Also should have body silhouettes to pick closest match.

"Dark blonde
 but I think it is a function of hair shaft thickness. Beard hair is currently darker than head hair


My hair started going gray when I was seventeen.
 blue
"My eyes were clear green hazel when I was a child


 ash






My very wavy/curly hair has gone straight except for one big wave in the front.  My father had hair like mine used to be and my mother had hair like mine became after age 72.  I know my father was heterozygous for curl/straight and my mother homozygous for straight.  My sisters both have straight hair.
My hair became much darker during and after my 3 pregnancies but eventually returned to a medium brown. 

 ie in their 30s."
"turned grey about 58




- My father's mother = blue eyes.
- My sister & mother = green/blue-ish eyes. (Not sure about mother's parents)






 now brown."
 then it turned a light brown. I went gray in my forties."

I was more ginger/redhead as a child
gray and very dark brown

 strong history of glaucoma. Per 23andMe

allele1 allele2 probability

HLA-A* 03:01 26:01   100%  55%

HLA-B* 38:01 40:01   96%  86%

HLA-C* 12:03 07:02   100%  99%

HLA-DRB1* 04:04 09:01   82%  100%

HLA-DQA* 03:01 02:01    99%  76%

HLA-DQB1* 03:02 03:03   99%  98%

HLA-DPB* 04:04 09:01   82%  100%







 became dirty blonde




I have a few vellus hairs on my head - they are white




 and brown"
it was a bit lighter when i was younger and occasionally had red in it










 darker ring around pupil"


light dishwater brown
 youngest not yet four).  My younger sister's blue eyes lightened a lot more than mine





 except when batting a ball or firing a rifle


dark blonde

very light/whitish blonde as a child
"My hair is gray only because I am 71 years old. Until it turned gray
 with ~25% graying"


Family members with macular degeneration
 dye color 7A


gray



brown


glad to participate

 around age 25 hair started to turn dark brown"
Medium ash brown. Has been all my life. 
Thanks!
 and now it's more of an auburn



blonde
I was born with blond hair and was blond until around 1st grade when it started to change color.
 somewhat red"
dark brown


 except me.  I  came along with these flaming green eyes.  I am the youngest of the 5.  Also
Turned white at age 29
brown



 then Black


 my beard was a dark red
 almost black."




blonde
 salt and pepper with increasing salt"

"I was a blond of varying lightness and darkness until I greyed. I started greying at 27

"Basic brown
 whereas now there are minor brown flecks."




brown with some gray

Right

 and turns hazel if I feel bad or sad or bored



 like our father. We are quite fair-skineed and prone to cataracts. My ophthalmologist says I have a blonde fundus."
light brown/grey
 but now that I'm 66


My hair was blonde as a child.  Dark blonde/light brown since about 7yrs.  Turning grey now.
same color


 thin strands"
 blonde as child"

Had white blonde hair from babyhood through  childhood. Was a dirty dish water blonde by Jr. Highschool.
 although we are all nearsighted. 

 and even though my features strongly favor my father's side (who is black) My skin
 and was not totally gray until approx. 80."
 but my beard ranges from black to brown to red to blonde."




"I am 63 yrs old
 my eye color seems to shift from a lighter green to a more intense green depending on the circumstances."





"Blonde overall





Still waiting after > 1 year for a sequence...
"Born with light hair

 graying"

"My hair has been red since birth. I have gone completely bald in front over the years
 my hair lightened to a reddish blonde as I aged."

"Yes
 surrounding an inner amber brown circle around the pupil"

 near black"



 the other died of cancer but had all his hair at 60"

brown
Dark Brown. 
My daughter (2 years) also was born with very light blond hair. Seems to be getting darker (also blue eyes).
looking like #16.  After my first pregnancy

 I'll correct this."
brown


How about asking age and how much grey hair we have.





 straight










 my mother has brown eyes"
 but no greens.  It seems odd to skip all the green eyes.  "

"I had jet black hair as a child
 it's been the same since birth."
 and I was more blond as a child."


 then suddenly pretty darn white.  Some silver coming in in my 30's"
 the tips have a small amount of faded red. the brown is very dark on me
used to be blonde
Wonder why you didn't inquire about baldness. Maybe thats comming up. 

One granddaughters has such blue eyes that people comment on them.
One son has green eyes as does one of his daughters. 








It was redder and lighter when i was younger.



"Freckles on my arms
"Freckles on my ams
 lightened to blonde from approx. age 2 to age 5
 3 brown eyes"

 while my mustache


 stayed that way until going gray about two years ago. Very light and wispy as a child. Thicker later. Remains curly."




 index fingers are shorter than ring fingers
 so I don't know how much is gray"
 turned light brown as I got older
I was born with blonde hair. It took on both a darker and more reddish hue at about age 13-14. My hair began turning gray at age 23. 
 greying on mostly sidessides"
Born with brown.

none

Sandy
Hair was largely blond during early childhood
"Had blue eyes until age six or seven






born bald til 3 yrs old
white
blond
red
strawberry red
brownish red

even darker brownish




brown

then increasingly dark blonde in childhood; 
light brown by late adolescence or adulthood;

light red/brown


mother has green eyes with orange/brown in center
father has blue eyes






Ranges from a medium brown to a bright blonde. Usually a mixture of both.







I was born with jet-black hair that quickly lightened as I got older. It became very blonde by the time I was 3 or 4.
Born blonde




"Only blonde/blue-eyed child of a blue-eyed/red-haired male and brunette/blue-eyed mother.





 with grey from age!"

 then it darkened quickly."
medium brown with redish tint especially shown in sunlight
 and have been getting slightly darker since."
 lighter blonde as a child"


 whose mother had blue eyes and father had brown eyes)."


"When might I finally learn of the sequence of my genome? I signed up 3.5 years ago






now gray.


 my hair was a very light



 depending on how tired I am depends on how brown or how light brown and green they are. Usually when I am very tired my eyes are dark brown
 natural red high high lights"




blonde pre-teens








light brown



"Beard is red

 now it is almost brown."


"My eyes appear to be brown from a distance

 now dark blonde




 has become more pronounced in the last few years"
blonde
 thin
"Hair has darkened some with age

"Healthy
"Blonde as child
I have red highlights--you can only see them in the sun.

















brown

 teens and 20's it was nearly the color of spun gold
"When last I saw it without dye
 blonde when I was a young child


no





"much lighter than when younger but no gray or white.  often described as blonde now


used to have gold highlights as a child. now red.

Father had brown eyes


 and got a bit darker as I got older starting at about age 4. "
 and started to darken around age 4. "

 not a precise color match."

Light brown



 and some silver/white"

My hair was sandy brown when I was a young child and darkened to its current color by the time I was in school.



- I was diagnosed with endometriosis when my daughter was born via c-section in Sept 2005. ObGyn removed what she could and reported no signs or endometriosis when my son was born in April 2008 via c-section. Both of my kids were breech babies.

- I am the only one of 4 siblings not using glasses. My 3 siblings had had some eye surgery and wore glasses by the time they were 5 years old



 worse in right"





Paternal history of glaucoma


"Out of 4 siblings

 then it changed to white blonde





 I'm balding now.  The hair on my scalp is much softer than the hair in my beard.  I have multiple colors of hair in my beard as well

 and I was blonde as a child"

 dark brown as a young adult"

very white hair until age 8.


Aunt diagnosed with hemochromatosis 
Light brown



family hx of glaucoma.  family hx of nearsightedness




 when it became light brown which turned darker over the next 10 years. This pattern holds true with my 5 siblings (black -> blond -> brown). The younger three siblings kept their blond hair to various degrees



 with more orange tones. It darkened during my twenties to a brownish red."



"I was essentially bald until I was over 2 years old
"I mean my eyes are pretty normal. I have two of them. They're nice and dark. I use them to see. I also use them to wink at the ladies. My immediate family also has dark brown eyes

:)
 people think it is brown indoors
 predominantly grey at temples

strawberry blonde--a blonded red
"I was born with ash


Much more grey before chemo. More color now after chemo.


 was light blonde as a child
brown


My hair was a lot lighter as a child but darkened around puberty.  
 and was VERY blond till my early twenties

 but it is in abundance."
brown

 reddish beard."
born with dark brown eyes
My maternal grandfather's hair turned white early in his life as well.  I'm not sure what color his eyes were.  He was of German descent.
 mother has red hair.  My hair is medium brown and started graying in my 20's.  Now I'm about 25% gray (at age 50).  My beard is also brown but shows a much stronger red tone to it with some individual hairs appearing quite reddish."
"My hair is also fairly coarse




"I was born with light blonde hair

 very curly








tongue rolling-yes
arm folding- left hand on top



brown



great survey loved the eyes

 slowly turned to dark brown over time.
"Born Blonde
I was born with very blonde hair which turned to dark blonde during puberty around the age of 11. It has gotten darker since and is now turning gray.





dark golden blonde
 but still blonde."
 now it's a medium brown."
My hair has always been dark brown...in the sun it will get slightly blonde on the ends and in the front. It also has a tendancy to look a little bit redish.


born with dark brown hair. texture was thick. at senior stage still have most of my hair. very fast growth.
 changed to dark brown after giving birth to children"
 then hair turned dark brown"



 and he didn't start getting gray hair until his mid 50s. He is now in his mid 60s and his hair is still about 85% brown with no pattern baldness. My paternal grandfather was the same way. "


 although I have very red facial/body hair.  Interestingly


 coarse hair."

"thick
 green outer ring with dark brown flecks"




"Born with very light blonde hair
brown






"Blond when very young





fairly dark brown

 had very light blond hair as a child
 very flat"



 now frizzy medium brown"




dark blonde
"blonde to gray









"Hair was darker when I was younger

gray

 or a very dark blonde"


 and greyer on the sides"



"naturally

Have you considered having participants submit a photo of their eyes so you could draw the more subtle distinctions needed?   Closeup selfies could maintain confidentiality while giving you higher quality input. 


Thank you for doing this!






 wavy"
blonde






salt & pepper' is a closer description
 in remission since age 5


was once jet black now salt and pepper 

"Eye ""pictures"" link does not work."
"dark brown
 blonde hair from 3-16

 had blonde hair until at least 5 years old."

"When I was younger
Myotonic Dystrophy type 2 phenotype

Some white hairs seem to grow faster than brown hair
my facial hair is not homogenous





 it became brown throughout puberty"


 but it gradually turned brown as I grew up. Upper half of beard still comes in a mixture of blonde and brown. Lower half is completely brown."

"Hair went from light blonde to golden color by grade school then to dirty blond by high school
 curls are big not like Africans"


 but got darker with age and has been dyed "






"My hair color when I was younger was closer to a jet black

"Born with black hair that fell out and came back the lightest blonde.






light brown
"photos from my childhood show my hair was very blond and it was often described to me as 'strawberry blonde'... as i've gotten older it has gotten darker. my eyebrows are very blonde
 had red hair until age 5 then hair turned brown"
 grey and a little red"
 blonde


brown

I have a vestigial vein in my left eye.




fits ancestry( Asian Indian)


13
Perfect vision if that's relevant to this survey.  Eyes used to be blue until shortly after age five.  I am left-eye dominant.


Pretty easy questions.

dark brown


I have some body hair but not as much as you see on most men.
Blonde until age twelve then darkened
"Platinum blonde as a young child
"darker at the roots where it's a light auburn brown and the more it's exposed to sun the lighter it gets
"Bright red up till my forties

Born very light blonde-when I went on low thyroid meds it grew out darker than previous.



 and gradually darkened with age"
"If you want body type









my daughter was diagnosed with ""retinal migraines"" in addition to her eye roll. she was also born pretty strongly farsighted. my dad wears a super strong prescription as well but I don't know his specifics.



my daughter didn't open her eyes at all for the first six weeks or so after she was born and then she slept with her eyes completely open every night until she was about 15 months old.









"Medium brown with red tints

Was born with blonde hair. Slowly darkened through adolescence.
Blonde at birth. Slowly darkened through adolescence.






have seen slightly different colors in eyes for as long as can remember

Nope 
gray
 now darker."
 and he was several times legally blind from near nearsightedness.  The older of my two younger sisters was born with grey eyes which became ringed
 often mistaken for black"













brown
 turned white blond

 it is brown and can change to red."






none

"My pictures from my early childhood show a much lighter brown

 and has a red tint when shining light from it"
brow with some lighter highlights






"I was born with jet black hair. Then






 then green



I have some gray now.  My hair looses its color very easily so the color at the roots is usually darker than farther down the shaft even if not color treated.    



born with very blonde hair that turned more dirty blonde over the years



 copper

 at age 65. Was dark blonde."



 very thick hair"
I get red and blonde highlights if I stay in the sun too long. 

darker then when i was born. hair was very much lighter blond and very straight has more waive not much but still baby fine 
 my hair was honey colored but it darkened over the years to dark brown."
 darkened to dirty blonde by late elementary school."
 ""1B"" in reference to hair coloring"


Mother's eyes: blue
Brother's eyes: brown


Color is mainly shades of brown with blondes and reds



curly hair


Predominant family members have brown eyes 
Not the same blue tones as either parent
Large eyes
Didn't note stripes (from the center outward) until approximately 18y/o






brown

 turn brown in teens

My hair now is white.
 brown with strong copper strands."



 then brown by 7 years"



Paternal family trait of needing glasses around puberty.







"born with hardly any hair








 daughter has the same color
"thick






 then gradually dirty blonde to light brown
brown


 and paternal grandfather had hazel eyes.  Each of my siblings has a different eye color in the range from very blue to brown hazel."








 blonde streaks









"Mother has red hair



Mother's were hazel (yellow brown)


light brown mixed with gray

16

Changed to dark brown age 8


 lusterous

Natural hair color. Very late greying (only a few grey hairs at 48). Rest of my female relatives turned grey in their 30s.
Enjoyed filling out the survey.
 my natural hair was medium brown."
yay!!

 but more grey"
 the same color as my father's hair. It fell out within the first couple of months and came back in white blonde. "

 with slightly reddish highlights"
Haven't seen my true color in years
"hair was light brown as a child
 is increasingly dark

"My hair was extremely light


After having kids turned brown


about half of the hair with natural hair color 'light-brown' has turned into white-gray
As newborn I had red hair.  It all fell out and grew in wispy white.  Stood on end and I looked like a baby chick.


 which turned blond then light brown"
 the front 2/3 of my head was gray with a prominent white streak on the right."
"dark brown
 around the time when I went through chemotherapy. "
Typical asian looking woman. 



404: Page not found – the page https://goo.gl/XQ2Voh does not exist.




 was dark brown when younger



 then as a child it was very light blonde
 but I have an inner ring of gold that people find striking against the blue--so striking that strangers stop me in grocery stores or on the street and compliment me on my eyes! My eyes look most similar to #11 in appearance
 with the dark blue contrasted with the gold. Literal strangers stop me in the grocery store or in the elevator and comment on my eyes. The contrast is even more striking in the sun."

"born with reddish blond hair


 particularly around mouth is very blonde"
"dark blonde ""dishwater"" with some gray"


"Born with black hair. Platinum blonde throughout childhood
 then was dirty blonde as a child



gray

strabismus
diploplia
narrow angle glaucoma
nystagmus






Mother: hazel; one iris is larger than other
Father: light blue
Brother 1: blue-gray
Brother 2: brown

intensity of blue eyes appears to change with mood intensity
born blonde

Do not know blood type. Have checked multiple records.






hair color has darkened over age


 and only my beard remains deeply red ( where it hasn't gone gray





White with a bit f grey and slightly yellowish tinge
 and it is now a brown color which lightens significantly during the summer months."

Hair gets much lighter in the summer and has a patch of hair that turns more blonde.
homosexual
 less and less as I got older"
brown



"when born and until my 20s
fine straight mousy brown now graying

what can I do to help!!
My eyes used to be very green. But apparently they are now more blue than green.

 I have not been tested or diagnosed. "
 some of the grandchildren do. Mother has severe vision issue not totally corrected with lenses. I have myopia and astigmatism
 not curly"
 later the white patch went away (tuned brown)."

"My hair was originally red

My eyes are two different colors. One eye matches my Mothers eye color and the other matched my fathers eye color. 
 and has darkened gradually as I have aged."


black


nope
Darker brown with a lot of auburn mixed in and with some golden strands.



had golden blonde hair until about 10 years old

hair turned light brown





I am a regular user of marijuana
















 severe male pattern baldness starting in my early 20s (by 23 was completely bald on top).  Started graying in my late 40s



brown with some gray

 some hairs ashy brown"

 now it is gray
 now I don't have much and it is all gray"






black with white/gray


 had laser surgery to correct vision at age 45. After cataract surgery
light brown with an a warm orangy-reddish undertone undertone

gray

Brown

"Dark brown with light brown
nope




 Sandy Blonde on top. Medium Blonde"
natural brown

copper-ish ring & streaks mid-iris"
"Born blonde and hair darkened over time. Head hair and beard hair are different colors -- brown with a reddish tint on head





born with light brown hair



 but I would personally call it brown."

 darkened with age. Now brown & some gray is beginning to appear."


Hair has gotten darker with age. It was originally a lighter brown

light auburn











 thick"


"hair lightens very quickly in the sun
 has eyes that look green from far away


 only two or three strands. my grandmother doesn't have but a few as well. My hair is straight untill it gets long enough to reach my shoulders and then it gets curly. large curls. My father had curly hair. "
 ""clear"" hair around face/hairline"




"born with black hair
 blond

 now darker blonde


Naturally black. some strands are brownish.  
thanks..

brown


 lighter temples and crown





brown
Was brown with red highlights 







Dark blonde
dark chocolate brown
"Light brown





 TURNED GREY IN MY 60s"
red

 though that may be a psychologically suggestive effect."

The sunshine will lighten my hair from a reddish-brown-blonde to a white blonde. It also has different textures from thin to thick width.





I was very blonde young - a golden blonde that turned more brown over the years. 
 getting darker all the time
 full head




 and then back to medium brown"
"My hair was blonde as a baby and child

Dark blonde with reddish tones. Can be more straight depending on if water is hard or soft 

"Born with white hair
 thickly dispersed hair. The width has remained constant



"It used to be white-gold
born blond turned dark reddish brown. lightened in summer sun. turned mixed then grey now. grey started in 40's.



my father is colorblind
my brother is schizophrenic paranoid tin hat and everything never took meds

Lighter hair color when younger




I was born with dark brown hair that was blond a curly as a child and turned brown-red and wavy as a I got older
blonde
 got very curly over the years and is now brown and gray"








 our mother's eyes."








 at birth




 my hair was blond and curly










brown
"Born with very blonde hair

Very dirty blonde


His father (my paternal grandfather) was colorblind.
My mother is near-sighted in one eye and far-sighted in the other.

My hair started darkening to brown around age 14.





Dark brown with white hair thoughout






Dark blonde fading to brown
"Mekaleka hi






"As a youth
Had very light hair as a child that has gotten progressively darker


 now is all gray and dark brown
 lightens with sun exposure. 

fine hair


 there are red undertones to it."






I've had surgery for glaucoma and cataracts.

Both parents had macular degeneration.


