






My father had and sister has gray-green eyes (5). They seemed to change based on what they were wearing.

Both brothers have brown eyes like my mother's (21).






Father- blue




















Right


















Mother's eyes: Solid medium dark brown (most like #20 but with fewer variations)



My father was similar though he progressed to nearly black hair.



 much darker and remained that mousy shade that's neither quite brown nor blonde
Right




 and gradually darkening to brown as an adult from age 21 to 50 yo; and with aging from 51 to 69 yo increasing gray (initially in beard and then scalp)."







 light brown and dark brown that just looks dark brown. Looks like... rotini."
 then turned dark brown as an adult. I started going grey at the age of 32


















- My father's mother = blue eyes.
- My sister & mother = green/blue-ish eyes. (Not sure about mother's parents)












 my younger brother at age 60 has very little grey."

allele1 allele2 probability

HLA-A* 03:01 26:01   100%  55%

HLA-B* 38:01 40:01   96%  86%

HLA-C* 12:03 07:02   100%  99%

HLA-DRB1* 04:04 09:01   82%  100%

HLA-DQA* 03:01 02:01    99%  76%

HLA-DQB1* 03:02 03:03   99%  98%

HLA-DPB* 04:04 09:01   82%  100%





























 but they look like 11 most today (I used a bright LED in front of my mirror to check). I have the golden-brown ring in the center. It's probably between the ring in 9 and 11."













































Nah

 K-k+














































 light hair skin and eyes."











































































One granddaughters has such blue eyes that people comment on them.
One son has green eyes as does one of his daughters. 




































 gradually






born bald til 3 yrs old
white
blond
red
strawberry red
brownish red

even darker brownish






then increasingly dark blonde in childhood; 
light brown by late adolescence or adulthood;




mother has green eyes with orange/brown in center
father has blue eyes






























Right



Right








































 I have found a few completely blond and black coarse hair strands. "

















































Father had brown eyes

















- I was diagnosed with endometriosis when my daughter was born via c-section in Sept 2005. ObGyn removed what she could and reported no signs or endometriosis when my son was born in April 2008 via c-section. Both of my kids were breech babies.

- I am the only one of 4 siblings not using glasses. My 3 siblings had had some eye surgery and wore glasses by the time they were 5 years old









Paternal history of glaucoma










Right













family hx of glaucoma.  family hx of nearsightedness













 so I shave the sides of my head and keep the top just long enough to look damn good. My head gets super hot when I don't cut it at least once a week. I use Wahl clippers. Wahl is a good brand. Unfortunately I know of no brand of pillows that stay cool for when I forget to cut my hair."























 dark brown hair


















tongue rolling-yes
arm folding- left hand on top






































 a green outer ring can be observed in both eyes.  Left eye has dark brown flecks in outer ring.  My mother had hazel eyes




















































 leaving much uncertainty in my answer.   And I see no examples with clear moss green.

Have you considered having participants submit a photo of their eyes so you could draw the more subtle distinctions needed?   Closeup selfies could maintain confidentiality while giving you higher quality input. 


















 but decided to do a quick web search just to double-check what the iris was (the white circles made it seem like you wanted the color of the pupil






















































I have a vestigial vein in my left eye.







Same
 I began to notice a few grey strands.  Also




























my daughter was diagnosed with ""retinal migraines"" in addition to her eye roll. she was also born pretty strongly farsighted. my dad wears a super strong prescription as well but I don't know his specifics.



my daughter didn't open her eyes at all for the first six weeks or so after she was born and then she slept with her eyes completely open every night until she was about 15 months old.



















have seen slightly different colors in eyes for as long as can remember




 keeping my hair in a pony tail






































































Mother's eyes: blue
Brother's eyes: brown









Predominant family members have brown eyes 
Not the same blue tones as either parent
Large eyes
Didn't note stripes (from the center outward) until approximately 18y/o



















Paternal family trait of needing glasses around puberty.
















Right











Right






















Mother's were hazel (yellow brown)




"I had auburn hair at birth

Changed to dark brown age 8




















After having kids turned brown














404: Page not found – the page https://goo.gl/XQ2Voh does not exist.


























strabismus
diploplia
narrow angle glaucoma
nystagmus






Mother: hazel; one iris is larger than other
Father: light blue
Brother 1: blue-gray
Brother 2: brown




Do not know blood type. Have checked multiple records.































Right


















had golden blonde hair until about 10 years old

hair turned light brown

























































Right














































































































my father is colorblind
my brother is schizophrenic paranoid tin hat and everything never took meds

















 Welsh."








 but later began to slowly darken."





















His father (my paternal grandfather) was colorblind.
My mother is near-sighted in one eye and far-sighted in the other.

My hair started darkening to brown around age 14.





































I've had surgery for glaucoma and cataracts.

Both parents had macular degeneration.


