1.4 — Comments



I draw and paint almost equally with right and left hands. Fine motor skills virtually equal both hands. 


My father had and sister has gray-green eyes (5). They seemed to change based on what they were wearing.

Both brothers have brown eyes like my mother's (21).

Right




Father- blue



"eyes  blue
gray


"I write with my right





However I am left eye dominant. 

I was 6' tall until I hit 45











Please let me use the metric system!







"Height falls somewhere between 5'11'' and 6'0''



Mother's eyes: Solid medium dark brown (most like #20 but with fewer variations)



My father was similar though he progressed to nearly black hair.



"I had my only child at the ""geriatric pregnancy"" advanced age of 36-and since then
started gaining weight around 34. diagnosed diabetic type II 43.


My blood type I learned from genetic tests.

"My weight has varied over the years from 165 to 225 lbs. I am trying to work on getting regular exercise and cutting back on caloric intake. Have lost 30 lbs over the past 5 years. My goal is another 30 lbs in 5 years. I am an ""End to end section hiker of the Appalachian Trail






I am ambidexterous in the sense that there are things I do best with my left hand and others I do best with my right hand.











I just gained 15 pounds while on prednisone.  My normal weight is between 135 and 140.  I am now off prednisone and hoping to lose the extra weight.


I play many sports left-handed.
"I have very dense bones




- My father's mother = blue eyes.
- My sister & mother = green/blue-ish eyes. (Not sure about mother's parents)


 fine







Somewhat ambidextrous. I play all sports right-handed



allele1 allele2 probability

HLA-A* 03:01 26:01   100%  55%

HLA-B* 38:01 40:01   96%  86%

HLA-C* 12:03 07:02   100%  99%

HLA-DRB1* 04:04 09:01   82%  100%

HLA-DQA* 03:01 02:01    99%  76%

HLA-DQB1* 03:02 03:03   99%  98%

HLA-DPB* 04:04 09:01   82%  100%









I think my blood type is A+. Not 100% sure




"I think I am AB+ but not 100% sure. However
brown
















"I was ambidextrous when young and my kindergarden teacher had me use my right hand.  One of my children is very ambidextrous (writes left


 but there may be exceptions



 then more auburn-colored in toddler years (lots of red highlights)


Weight bounces between 180 in the summer & 205 in winter.
I am right handed but i could play tennis left handed and i could bat left handed.

"At age 71 I am barely 6'0""






 darkened to warm shade of light to medium brown adult...now (50+) losing warm tones








"I was born left-handed


I believe my blood type is A-B+ but I wasn't sure so I left it blank.

"I'm 5'3 1/2"" I'm a little over weight now

 thick
"I know my blood type is O


"I write with my right hand




"I used to be 5'7""












"polio in 1954
"shrunk 1 3/4"" due to osteoporosis"








 isolated and not very noticeable unless you look closely."

"I can only write well with my right hand
11




















"Born with reddish orange hair








Some left handed tendencies
















Blood type is my best guess from years long past.  My doctor no longer keeps it in my medical records.

"It is possible I was ""turned around"" as a lefty when I was a child.  I remember being told to hold my pen in my right hand









strong tendency to gain weight -- have been 245 lbs previously. Severe lifestyle changes bring me down to 165 lbs.

Currently losing weight to get back to 121lbs.

 fell out





















"Green eyes.  Hair has naturally changed over my lifespan.  It was curly red hair at birth (not orange


"I'm currently 8 months pregnant and weigh 202lbs
A test shows I may be cross-dominant.


I write and eat with my left hand but use scissors with my right and use both equally for things like mousing on a computer.  


Have to look up my blood type.
I used to be a half inch taller -- osteoporosis. 
One granddaughters has such blue eyes that people comment on them.
One son has green eyes as does one of his daughters. 




I'm ambidexterous - writing takes practice and I seldom got it with my left hand. 



"I'm mostly right handed












"I am very manually dexterous. I use my right hand to write



 in particular


"While I typically write with my right hand





"I am very ""right brained"". Left hand

"From 1992--1998 I typically weighed between 192 and 195 lbs. Since then

"thin

Thought I filled this out previously but it does not show up on site.


born bald til 3 yrs old
white
blond
red
strawberry red
brownish red

even darker brownish






then increasingly dark blonde in childhood; 
light brown by late adolescence or adulthood;

"I can write left handed


mother has green eyes with orange/brown in center
father has blue eyes





Right











"Blood type determined by 23andMe test








Will check on blood type - I'd also like to know!



"When I played soccer



I know I am not 0 and I know I'm Rh negative. But I can't remember whether I'm AB- or just A- or B-. 
"Am mixed dominant








"5'11"" was my height in my middle age.  at 82 y.o.







I am the only O+ on both sides of my immediate family






"I'm not sure about my blood type













"Predominantly right-handed. I do certain things left-handed
 can't remember which. Otherwise his eyes were the same green as mine. Neither I nor my either of my 2 brothers have that. My paternal grandfather had pale neutral gray eyes. My paternal grandmother had brown eyes that were practically black
"Re: Handedness







"can write with either hand




"I write with my right
"I write with my right hand
















Unsure of exact weight.



"My height is 5'6.66""."














Father had brown eyes















"In case this is useful:

- I was diagnosed with endometriosis when my daughter was born via c-section in Sept 2005. ObGyn removed what she could and reported no signs or endometriosis when my son was born in April 2008 via c-section. Both of my kids were breech babies.

- I am the only one of 4 siblings not using glasses. My 3 siblings had had some eye surgery and wore glasses by the time they were 5 years old
 from example)"








Paternal history of glaucoma


I use the mouse with my left hand









My natural weight wax always around 130. I took steroids to gain some weight.







"Blue eyes



family hx of glaucoma.  family hx of nearsightedness













"Brown hair

I'm usually 10lbs heavier but after I had baby baseline weight shifted down 10lbs and nicotine use (15+ mg total via oral tablets daily) has kept it there.
"I also write poorly with both hands.  A few people seeing my right handed writing at first thought I was left handed based on it and the usual deformities and discrepancies they see in their own off-handed writing.  My left hand writing is worse (and the same distortions ""discrepancies"" the previous individuals pointed out to me are indeed stronger there) but I am not sure if that is just the difference in practice or not."




I was naturally left handed as a small child but my grandmother thought that it would negatively affect me so she always had me use my right hand. This created a coordination problem for me which was discovered when I was 6 when I was diagnosed with Developmental Coordination Disorder. 



I did not know my blood type (A) until getting my WGS data.








"My blood type is ""O""

I am functionally left handed (even though I write with the right after being forced in school to switch hands for writing back)
"Right is dominant
"I'm actually 5' 3 1/2"" tall."



"I'm blood type A

 the gray started appearing. "




"I originally was 5""6"" but for back surgeries later...  I lost an inch!"






tongue rolling-yes
arm folding- left hand on top






























I shoot pool left handed. I don't know why. It is the only thing I do left handed. I am pretty good at it too!







"I write with my right hand




























Cardiac and cancer  hx

"dark blond hair



















Experienced large weight change in the last year in response to medication.



Have you considered having participants submit a photo of their eyes so you could draw the more subtle distinctions needed?   Closeup selfies could maintain confidentiality while giving you higher quality input. 








"I am right handed for everything except things that require me to swing (baseball bat








"i write with my right hand






I write with my right hand but can do a lot of things (including drawing) with my left hand. My mother was left-handed.






I actually have no idea what blood type I am
I am using my left leg to jump into distance
jumping up with left leg





















My weight can fluctuate between ~135 and 155 depending on my level of activity and eating habits at the time.








"my height has declined with age (now age 73).  I was 5'10"" at age 25."
"Although I am right handed







I have a vestigial vein in my left eye.







"I prefer to write with my left hand
"Left.  Though I know how to use both hands









"I believe that I am A blood type









"I'm technically 5'1.5""
 hazel. "







my daughter was diagnosed with ""retinal migraines"" in addition to her eye roll. she was also born pretty strongly farsighted. my dad wears a super strong prescription as well but I don't know his specifics.



my daughter didn't open her eyes at all for the first six weeks or so after she was born and then she slept with her eyes completely open every night until she was about 15 months old.

 but when i shaved it this summer I couldn't see them. I do still get asked if I bleached highlights in even though I can't find the blonde streaks when i look in the mirror.







I do use my left hand dominantly in other projects besides writing.





"Hair is normal (not overly oily or dry). Texture is mostly straight



have seen slightly different colors in eyes for as long as can remember

No









"I was a hairstylist for over 8 years. Peoples' hair tends to become darker as they age from childhood to adulthood. Mine










"I'm 5' 9.5"""


I play drums left handed (only). 


Uncertain of blood type
Unsure of blood type






i have never had wisdom teeth





height 5 feet 7 in




 I had light blond hair. From age 11 to age 60

"I am unusually tall compared to my parents.  Father approx 5'10""




















I was ambidextrous when I was little but I was encouraged to use my right hand mostly.



"5'6.5"""
Mother's eyes: blue
Brother's eyes: brown


"Right handed dominance with most things equally done with left hand






Predominant family members have brown eyes 
Not the same blue tones as either parent
Large eyes
Didn't note stripes (from the center outward) until approximately 18y/o



















Paternal family trait of needing glasses around puberty.
















"I have had a gastric sleeve surgery; prior to that





Dyslexic





Height varies with spinal compression over the course of the day. Usually tallest when measured immediately after a night's sleep.






















Mother's were hazel (yellow brown)




"I am very ambidextrous
No
Changed to dark brown age 8





My mom thinks I should have been left handed.  I eat left-handed and throw a frisbee lefthanded.  I use chopsticks right handed.  I learned most sports and writing right-handed.







"I'm going by memory on my blood type. If I discover I'm wrong


I can use both hands very well but I'm more right handed than left 



After having kids turned brown







I was discouraged from using my left hand to feed myself when I was 2 years old. Perhaps I was naturally left-handed.






404: Page not found – the page https://goo.gl/XQ2Voh does not exist.
Right
Figure skating jumps all to the left.






I am an amateur competitive powerlifter so my BMI is skewed by increased muscle mass. 

















strabismus
diploplia
narrow angle glaucoma
nystagmus






Mother: hazel; one iris is larger than other
Father: light blue
Brother 1: blue-gray
Brother 2: brown


"I was once 5'9""
"
Do not know blood type. Have checked multiple records.
gray












"I am not 100% sure of my bloodtype
"I was a ghost white blonde until middle school and then my hair darkened. After college




N/A











"currently dieting
"Dieting right now












"unsure of blood type




had golden blonde hair until about 10 years old

hair turned light brown





I am in the process of losing weight and increasing  my activity level


I write with my right hand but I throw better with my left - and my left eye and left leg are dominant























I'm either O+ or O-
















no




"Blue Eyes






I can knit equally well with both hands.





 then it turned to brown in their adulthood."



"Eye color: brown
brown


I was quite thin when young.




I know I'm type A but not actually sure if I'm negative or positive.





"I should have been left-handed but was (kindly) redirected as a young child. I am not fully ambidextrous



Ambidextrous for nearly all functions.
"Write better with right hand






Right











Height 5’5”

"Used to be 5'5"""




Right









"Right handed
"Somewhat ambidextrous
"Height is 5’2”






"For a long time I weighed around 180



I rode horses for 27 years and I also played piano and the clarinet. I can use both hands equally.













I never lost the weight (permanently) after having three kids.










5’7”


my father is colorblind
my brother is schizophrenic paranoid tin hat and everything never took meds


I am left eye dominant










5’9” -would not let me input data. 



"I once weighed close to 200 lbs. I lost about 40 lbs. a dozen years ago. Recently
"I recently gained about 30 pounds over about 5 months after falling off a skateboard and breaking my elbow. I have not been running or doing yoga. My average weight prior to injury was in the 160's.





brown























His father (my paternal grandfather) was colorblind.
My mother is near-sighted in one eye and far-sighted in the other.

My hair started darkening to brown around age 14.







I was left-handed at birth but my arm was splinted until I learned to use my right hand.









I’m 5’3” but I couldn’t get it formatted correctly 







I have O type blood but am unsure whether - or +. I am 5’5”






4’11”
"I am 4’ 11 
blonde


I've had surgery for glaucoma and cataracts.

Both parents had macular degeneration.


