






My father had and sister has gray-green eyes (5). They seemed to change based on what they were wearing.

Both brothers have brown eyes like my mother's (21).






Father- blue







































Mother's eyes: Solid medium dark brown (most like #20 but with fewer variations)



My father was similar though he progressed to nearly black hair.



 and stayed that way until I cropped it all off in a boy's pixie skullcap style at the age of 7. It grew back in much
 things just randomly go out of focus. 




"As a child ""dishwater"" blonde from 1 to 20 yo 


Right




 blonde
 medium brown when I was a child


















- My father's mother = blue eyes.
- My sister & mother = green/blue-ish eyes. (Not sure about mother's parents)












 darkening as I aged until appearance of first gray in circa age 40. Very grey now at age 62 (my hair is almost as grey as my 90 year old mother). Oddly

allele1 allele2 probability

HLA-A* 03:01 26:01   100%  55%

HLA-B* 38:01 40:01   96%  86%

HLA-C* 12:03 07:02   100%  99%

HLA-DRB1* 04:04 09:01   82%  100%

HLA-DQA* 03:01 02:01    99%  76%

HLA-DQB1* 03:02 03:03   99%  98%

HLA-DPB* 04:04 09:01   82%  100%





























 13












Right










Right





















 like I have.  They were all blond haired and blue eyed.  I'm the different one of the bunch."

"My non ABO blood groups: Di(a-b+)














































 whereas my older brother is a more obvious blend of our parents. There is no error in the DNA - this is my actual blood family- but I look like an odd duck because of my small size




























Right


































Right











One granddaughters has such blue eyes that people comment on them.
One son has green eyes as does one of his daughters. 




















Right















"Dirty-blonde hair color in early childhood that darkened to a light brown






born bald til 3 yrs old
white
blond
red
strawberry red
brownish red

even darker brownish






then increasingly dark blonde in childhood; 
light brown by late adolescence or adulthood;




mother has green eyes with orange/brown in center
father has blue eyes



















































Left























 my hair became a medium-dark brown. Upon closer inspection































Right

















Father had brown eyes





Right











- I was diagnosed with endometriosis when my daughter was born via c-section in Sept 2005. ObGyn removed what she could and reported no signs or endometriosis when my son was born in April 2008 via c-section. Both of my kids were breech babies.

- I am the only one of 4 siblings not using glasses. My 3 siblings had had some eye surgery and wore glasses by the time they were 5 years old









Paternal history of glaucoma
























family hx of glaucoma.  family hx of nearsightedness













 and I was in the Army























"My Father was what has been called ""black Irish""


















tongue rolling-yes
arm folding- left hand on top






































 eyes seem light brown.  If fully dilated




















































"The full page eye images at Google is no longer working.  The distinction between the top 3 rows of examples is very hard to see

Have you considered having participants submit a photo of their eyes so you could draw the more subtle distinctions needed?   Closeup selfies could maintain confidentiality while giving you higher quality input. 










 brass highlights."







 the colors in the iris color chart are too close together. It was also confusing at first glance because of the tiny white circles on the pupils. I knew the iris was the colored part






















































I have a vestigial vein in my left eye.







 with a Ring."
 to a near black at it's current state.  During high school










Right

















my daughter was diagnosed with ""retinal migraines"" in addition to her eye roll. she was also born pretty strongly farsighted. my dad wears a super strong prescription as well but I don't know his specifics.



my daughter didn't open her eyes at all for the first six weeks or so after she was born and then she slept with her eyes completely open every night until she was about 15 months old.



















have seen slightly different colors in eyes for as long as can remember




 perhaps from mercury poisoning.  The hairline on my forehead receded while I was homeless











































Left


























Mother's eyes: blue
Brother's eyes: brown









Predominant family members have brown eyes 
Not the same blue tones as either parent
Large eyes
Didn't note stripes (from the center outward) until approximately 18y/o



















Paternal family trait of needing glasses around puberty.



















































Mother's were hazel (yellow brown)




 nearly black."

Changed to dark brown age 8




















After having kids turned brown














404: Page not found – the page https://goo.gl/XQ2Voh does not exist.









Right
















strabismus
diploplia
narrow angle glaucoma
nystagmus






Mother: hazel; one iris is larger than other
Father: light blue
Brother 1: blue-gray
Brother 2: brown




Do not know blood type. Have checked multiple records.































Small wrists. I enjoy weight lifting but seem to have a low natural ceiling. Significant body hair on extremities. Hair seems to grow faster than average.


















had golden blonde hair until about 10 years old

hair turned light brown









































Right












































Right



















































Right





























my father is colorblind
my brother is schizophrenic paranoid tin hat and everything never took meds

















 Irish








 my hair was blond





















His father (my paternal grandfather) was colorblind.
My mother is near-sighted in one eye and far-sighted in the other.

My hair started darkening to brown around age 14.





































I've had surgery for glaucoma and cataracts.

Both parents had macular degeneration.


