3.2 — Hair Color - Text Description



"Born with red hair per adoption papers/description. Very thin until age 2 then VERY thick and wavy. Tiny streaks of gray all my life


My father had and sister has gray-green eyes (5). They seemed to change based on what they were wearing.

Both brothers have brown eyes like my mother's (21).


brown with red highlights



Father- blue

Graying is most prominent at temples and in beard.



Brown
Brown
brown

light blond as child
fairly bald now
"born very blond and my hair color darkened over the years to a light brown.  At age 73 it I beginning to grey
Age is turning hair white.  Body hair is still blond.

 bright red in beard"
"Streaks of white
 half gray"
 my full siblings have brown eyes


 but our parents are farsighted. my left eye is worse. my left eye is dominant."
 and am losing my eyesight."


I was a light blond and then turned to an ash blond



blonde
 disease

"I was born with very very blonde hair. Almost platinum blonde. It wasn't until the age of 5 or 6 that my hair started to darken up and become more of a dirty blonde. By then


"Lighter when younger probably due to sun exposure
Dark brown with red undertones
ash brown with 10% gray
Blond until puberty

Mother's eyes: Solid medium dark brown (most like #20 but with fewer variations)



My father was similar though he progressed to nearly black hair.



 but paternal grandfather's were hazel. Paternal grandmother had eyes like mine
 hinting towards green but not there yet.  I would say this is more in the left eye than the right.   I did have Lasik for nearsightedness  in 2003
blonde

"I was a blond as a child
Born and had blondish hair for first year.
Light Blue
I have noticeable amount of auburn / strawberry blonde in beard and eyebrows

blonde
"27 years of age with thinning hair. Hair used to appear darker

None
 but facial hair is salt and pepper"
 dark ring around. All siblings have brown eyes. Mother has green
 then darker green-brown splotch around the iris"

I was born with bright blonde hair that has darkened over my lifetime.
"Hair actually has a variety of color strands naturally- blonde





Now partially gray
My hair was more reddish at birth.
Medium brown
coarse and curly
"I was tow-headed until puberty but my hair remained light brown until it started turning gray in my late 40s. I have family members who turned gray very early
grey/white

 but the overall color/impression is definitely most similar to image 21.


- My father's mother = blue eyes.
- My sister & mother = green/blue-ish eyes. (Not sure about mother's parents)






"Born with blonde
"Blond until I hit puberty

reddish brown/auburn.
gray

"Maternal line

allele1 allele2 probability

HLA-A* 03:01 26:01   100%  55%

HLA-B* 38:01 40:01   96%  86%

HLA-C* 12:03 07:02   100%  99%

HLA-DRB1* 04:04 09:01   82%  100%

HLA-DQA* 03:01 02:01    99%  76%

HLA-DQB1* 03:02 03:03   99%  98%

HLA-DPB* 04:04 09:01   82%  100%






grayish blonde
"Bright blonde when young
My hair was blonde for the first year of my life.
I consider my youth hair color as brown but it was a light brown. 


 but when I had hair it was dark brown"




 white
 occasionally w/red"

Dark brown hair till it turned gray





My hair was more red-brown as a child.
Thin straight hair. Cowlick starting at front center of scalp and angled to the right.

 light

Used to be red
brown
"My eyes have lightened only slightly since early childhood.  Some of my four children's eyes (all blue or blue with hazel rings or flecks) have lightened through the years (oldest is only 12





"Right
Born fully blonde
 now brown mixed with lots of gray"
blonde
 light  brown"
dark ash blonde
gray
"dark brown
before grey was light brown
 starting to gray"
grey"
"dirty blonde


 but a bit more than photo 13 (both eyes)."
Was brown when younger
 like many caucasian babies. 

 have lightened with age."


male pattern baldness now with greying....
dishwater brown
"Born with black hair


"My hair when I was born was more of a strawberry blonde color and has gotten darker as I aged
 very pretty.


blonde
light brown
"Light mousy brown
brown
My hair goes from black to really dark brown
My hair color is dark brown a reddish tone. When I was born it was black. It then grew in a lighter shade of brown. It darkened when I was a teenager to the color it is today.
 as did all of the children they bore

 most like #2."



"Was Brown
born blonde - changed to light brown and now mostly gray

"Although the hair on my head is brown
"My beard was reddish brown. My hair was very dark brown

 now brown"

was dark gray most of my life then started changing at age ~50 to its current gray & black mix.  

"originally dark brown with some hints of auburn in sunlight; now

 white with blond"
hair darkened with age. born with very blonde hair.
brown
 more like a brown ring

"The golden band in my left eye matches the angular position of a congenital depigmented spot in my retina.  As far as I know this is not hereditary.


brown



 or wearing a green top



 one has green eyes

"red as a child
I was initially brown with curly hair which stayed that way until I was about 2 years old. Then it became straight.

starting to go grey
dark brown with no reddish highlights
naturally black hair with red tones that show up in sunlight

 coarse
"hair was brown before turning grey

 gray and white"
 which is also when I began to get white hair growing in. No eye diseases in my family

"I'm biracial
"I had very light blond hair as a child and it darked as I matured to a light brown.  At age 73 I have visible gray at the temple and in other areas.  My father also grayed late
"The hair on my head is dark brown
born very blond. Also my beard is red
Blond when a child


Med brown
 which I didn't know was a thing until I observed it in my 15 mo. old. Also
Blond early years to brown to grey



It was a not-special brown as a youngster.  Began turning gray in my late 20s.
blonde
brown and grey

born with strawberry blonde hair turned to a darker blonde when I got older. During my first pregnancy my hair turned brown and never turned back.


Was light brown now mostly gray with some brown remaining
 almost black"

"brown

Red hair with only a few strands of gray starting.
"Instead of turning white or grey

More silver than grey
 like a halo

"dark brown


When I was younger I had brown hair and a redish-brown beard.
"Not bald at all but but one uncle is

 but if i am tried my eyes look bluer"
brown
Born blond
"My eye color was the same from toddlerhood until I had my first kid

"I'm 99% on the O- but it might possibly be O+.  If it is
 even if cloudy out. Floaters since age 20. I would estimate 60-100 floaters in right eye and about half of that in left."


Same color as long as I can remember





"I was born with a full head of black hair. Up until puberty I had fine


Black.



 copper highlights in front."
My hair was much lighter (dirty blond) as a child and darkened as I aged.
I had curly hair when I was a toddler. Now it's straight and has a very fine composition.
Same color as when I was a baby
"My maternal grandmother had glaucoma in her later years. My eyes were greener when I was younger.My father had Blue/grey eyes
"Your reference photos are blues and browns with some hazel
I was born with dirty blonde hair. It eventually turned brown over time.
dark brown
 where mine is a blue gray that looks like it picks up the colors around me. As far as I know
"My hair is fine


"Very blonde until I had my ovaries removed
"since my last haircut my hair is a flat brown with grey/white mixed in
gray
Old black and white photos show my hair almost blond.

One granddaughters has such blue eyes that people comment on them.
One son has green eyes as does one of his daughters. 




"I was blond as a child. 



a browish strawberry blonde


brown


"Born brown
 one brother blue eyes
was auburn when young to darker brown to gray
"My beard is almost completely white
male pattern baldness
born platinum blond.  Then reddish light brown.  Then mix of brown-grey-white.
"Born blonde




Other little oddities: Big toes are not longest toes
"Hair is gray but have been coloring it for awhile
"Born blond
reddish brown but now graying
"Brown
 a little brown remains at age 82"

beard and moustache have a reddish tinge 
reddish tinge to beard and moustache
brown
Darkish-brown
Same overall brown color as left eye
 as I was adopted.

 especially around face"



born bald til 3 yrs old
white
blond
red
strawberry red
brownish red

even darker brownish

My hair was a medium brown when I was born and now dark black in color. My hair is naturally straight and oily. I have two natural cowlicks one at the edge of my hairline on my forehead's right bang and the second at the back top of my head where the hair spirals.


brown
"very light blonde through toddler years
then increasingly dark blonde in childhood; 
light brown by late adolescence or adulthood;




mother has green eyes with orange/brown in center
father has blue eyes

My hair was redder when I was younger.
I had rust reddish hair as a kid before it turned deep dark black hair. at least that is what i was told.  



blonde




Hair was blonde at birth and through early childhood but changed to brown.


 sort of the color of wheat"
wavy










"Black
 with grey due to aging(!)"
"I was blonde until I was 4
brown
 they shifted to hazel
"much whiter


 both of my grown children have brown eyes like their father









brown


"When I was young
lighter with a reddish tint at birth
Born with very red hair but it was strawberry blond by age 10.

 and gold. Also
"Dark brown


Turning grey


brown







brown
medium brown with some gray


brown with red highlights

"Hair was very light blonde when I was young


hazel

"Blonde as a child.  Has darkened
My hair color was more red in childhood and becomes more blonde in the sun
Blonde when I was young.


"started going gray at 18
 except for the similar yellow starburst pattern which is very similar to my mothers
"mousey
strawberry blonde 
born with blonde hair turned brown and is now graying.
 dirty blonde"

black




 very light blonde until puberty"
Born as Blonde as you get
I was born with very dark brown/black hair
was born with black hair which turned blonde within a few months
very thin and straight





brown

 but in bright sunlight brown with visible reddish streaks"
 but they changed to brown when I was a few months old."
Born with black hair that fell out and was replaced with light brown hair that darkened at about age 12 and then started graying about age 39
"When I was younger
gray
"my hair was dark when I was born



 not blue black



Tends to be mousy underneath but gets lighter in the sun easily.
strawberry blonde

Born blond hair. Blond/brownish in adulthood. Gray in old age.
medium brown with red highlights

Father had brown eyes


"My hair was a very light blonde growing up
"My hair color was very light blonde

 description

brown

I was a toehead as a kid
Extremely thick and lots of hair
 blonde

Dark brown



- I was diagnosed with endometriosis when my daughter was born via c-section in Sept 2005. ObGyn removed what she could and reported no signs or endometriosis when my son was born in April 2008 via c-section. Both of my kids were breech babies.

- I am the only one of 4 siblings not using glasses. My 3 siblings had had some eye surgery and wore glasses by the time they were 5 years old


I was born very light blonde hair. My hair turned brown around age 5.
"Myopia & astigmatism both eyes

born with blonde hair



Paternal history of glaucoma


born with dark brown hair - color never changed

"I was born with red hair

Super fine hair but a ton of it. Naturally loose waves
My hair was darker when I was born. It became lighter and then in my 30s began to get darker again.
I was born blonde.

"I was born with a much blonder shade.  Also
 now gray"
"My hair is curly

"light brown in youth

 close to brown"



brown



family hx of glaucoma.  family hx of nearsightedness




"I was born with black hair which turned blond until I was 3 years old

was white blond until grade school

"My hair was much more red when I was younger



medium golden ash brown
 but different."


"dirty blond
Blonde with grey throughout
brown with some white
red
 some brown"
my hair is dark brown with natural golden highlights
Hair was nearly white until puberty and darkened to nearly brown by age 20.
 not coarse or overly fine. thickish."


"Born with red hair

 my facial hair is sort of red."

 not orange-y"
"I was born with white hair

"Actual hair is thin
 brown and even yellow."

"brown hair
same
I was born with white hair and it turned to a dishwater blonde as I aged and now it has gone back to being mostly white.
"Father has dark brown hair





 nearly brown"

"I have very thick








tongue rolling-yes
arm folding- left hand on top



 who described his eyes as hazel."
hair has remained a constant color since birth

Born with blond hair.


Blond hair at birth and through toddler years
 now brown & gray"
dark blonde to brown



Salt and pepper!

blonde
"Hair has darkened significantly with age
"My hair has darkened as I have aged. It was very light brown as a kid
It's dark brown 
 small inner ring light brown"
born with strawberry blonde hair
 wavy when longer"
"hair was blondish red most of childhood
"had blondish red hair until giving birth to 3 children



"I naturally have somewhat pronounced dark blonde highlights throughout my hair. My hair had much more red in it and was a little straighter when I was younger. My hair is very thick and curly. I have hair similar to my dad
Very thin hair shaft. Very straight. Extremely soft to the touch.

"My hair was much more red when I was young.  Now it's more ""auburn""

It's brown so dark it's almost black.
"Hair was pink but turned platinum as a baby. Very thick
as a child i had blonde hair 
course
 browner center




dirty blonde
 my mother and daughter have blue eyes."
born very light blonde. hair darkened with puberty and became light brown or dark blonde with gold and red highlights

I was born with blond hair. My hair is thick and fine textured.



Reddish blond
hair was lighter at birth reddish brown to darker brown


 slowly going grey"

brown

"Born with red hair
"soft and NO curly
 curly"


"born with straight blonde hair




medium
gray
I was born with blond hair that turned to brown and started turning gray in my 50s and white in my 60s. My eyebrows are still brown but turning gray.
 now gray"
born with very dark brown hair


Was born with platinum blond hair.



 some grey"

 both parents wore glasses as adults"

"Light brown


 grey with more blackish tints on the top

bronze

blonde

Have you considered having participants submit a photo of their eyes so you could draw the more subtle distinctions needed?   Closeup selfies could maintain confidentiality while giving you higher quality input. 


My natural hair color is a dark golden blonde. Depending on the season it looks darker brown or dark blonde with yellow highlights. 
"I was born with very light colored hair.  My mom used to say it was white.


Darkened with age

same
 thick
 father and sister have brown (like mine but slightly darker). Eyes were a little lighter as a kid.  "






gray
"Born with curly blonde hair. I lost all my hair during chemotherapy as a toddler (diagnosed age 2


gray
Very fine & thin
Started turning gray when I was 19.  Was dark brown.
brown
"Born with Red hair until age 3

"Born blonde

Caramel Blonde


My hair was darker when I was a child
White hair grows faster


Beard is reddish brown / gray
Getting grayer

"I had very light blonde hair originally
My hair was much lighter as a child.

"I started off a dirty blonde
I was born with dirty blondish hair that gradually turned brown as I grew up. Mustache and cheeks come in partially blonde while rest of the beard comes in brown.
hair was very light when I was young.The use to call it towhead .
"hard coarse curly hair


"it was light blonde in childhood
Natural curl




 penetrating dark black"
dark auburn

 light brown hair"

I was blond when I was little.
"My hair has gone white on the sides of my head. (All the males on my father's side of the family eventuallly go completely white.) On the top it is a mix of white and light brown hair.



brown
Reddish Brown
"Born with red hair
 blonde
 brown
very light blonde (almost light yellow/white) as a child - started to change to dusty/dirty blonde during adolescence and color has remained the same throughout adulthood



I have a vestigial vein in my left eye.

 straight"
MY HAIR HAS ALWAYS BEEN A SHADE OF BROWN IT WAS DARKER ALMOST BLACK WHEN I WAS BORN
I was blonde for first few years of life

I was born with jet black hair

 and is now dark brown almost to a near black."
 but with dark ring.  Overall color slightly darker than picture."
I had brown hair. First whites in grade school.  White stripe by graduate school.  Almost all white at 40
I had dark brown hair starting  to get white in high school.  By graduate school I had a white streak in front.  Almost all white by 40.
That's what people told me when I was younger.

brown
Hair dark brown at birth. Had a red tint during preschool ages. Turned dark brown by school age & has not changed color. 

Wavy when short curly ringlets when long. Soft and healthy
Brown with red and blond
dirty blonde

 ex redhead"

light brown/dark blonde



"My hair was dirty blonde at birth
My hairline seemed to recede an inch or less at about age 18 and not much since that time.  I still have most of my hair.









my daughter was diagnosed with ""retinal migraines"" in addition to her eye roll. she was also born pretty strongly farsighted. my dad wears a super strong prescription as well but I don't know his specifics.



my daughter didn't open her eyes at all for the first six weeks or so after she was born and then she slept with her eyes completely open every night until she was about 15 months old.









brown

 almost black"
 almost black"






have seen slightly different colors in eyes for as long as can remember

No
 my mother's were brown.
"Born with very light blonde hair
 and later in life far sighted.  My father's eyes were always hazel
"Dark Brown





Right







 have an appointment to look into this.  Fairly severe floaters."
"I was born with red hair

"My hair looks black but seen under a microscope and after I have spent a summer in the sun
born with VERy dark brown hair with auburn tint in sunlight
blonde when younger

Thinning over last year.

fine
brown at birth
My hair was lighter when I was young. My facial hair is ginger
 but I am starting to go gray/white so there are a few strands of that here and there. (Hair dye to the rescue!!)"

"my hair is light brown (blond/brown)
brown
was brown but now salt and pepper





 interspersed with white"






"My eyes were blue at birth
brown
When I was born I had very little and it was white.  As I got older it became more of a golden blonde.  After I had children it got increasingly darker to the dirty blonde it is now. 

medium brown 
had blonde hair til roughly 2 years old


Dirty blonde



 with blonde

"Born bald. Not balding now



"Born with blonde hair
Light brown

dark strawberry blond
"When I was little
"Born platinum blonde
"Between black and brown


Mother's eyes: blue
Brother's eyes: brown

I was born with dark brown hair but it has lightened.
brown




My hair was brown when I was younger.
"Had astigmatism 
Predominant family members have brown eyes 
Not the same blue tones as either parent
Large eyes
Didn't note stripes (from the center outward) until approximately 18y/o



 ranging from brown to shimmering blond"
Born very blonde

 while blue/blue-green runs in my mothers.  Some people in my family (both sides) have brown eyes but are born with dark blue at first and by the age of two or sometimes sooner they turn brown. "
medium-dark blonde at birth through about year two
"born blondish

brown with strong strands of copper
"My hair was very thick



"born blond
brown


Paternal family trait of needing glasses around puberty.


lighter brown that darkened with age

my hair is gray in front and very much brown in back.


 gets lightened in sun"
black





I was born with a reddish tint

 all 3 siblings and parents had the same color
medium-dark brown


 bordering on blonde"

Born sandy blond but turned brown with age

"was very blonde until mid-30s
 or more green"
My hair color as a child would go from shock white in the summer to a dark dirty blond in the winter

 maternal grandfather had brown eyes
born blonde
Was born blonde


 but brown is apparent in sunlight"



Slight red tint in sunlight
 curly/wavy"
 curly/wavy"
My hair was reddish brown when I was a child
was blond as a baby

 almost black when I was younger."
Born with blonde hair
Level 7 on hair scale of 1-10 

medium tint brown
Had blond hair before it turned gray and white when I grew older.


Mother's were hazel (yellow brown)

born blonde
brown

16
"Born platinum blonde
Changed to dark brown age 8


"Thick
alopecia areata
reddish brown with golden highlights
Hair was very light blonde when I was younger and darkened as I got older.  It is almost pushing a light brown/dark blonde at this point with the occasional speck of gray.
"Prior to going gray

 darkening with age and now with significant gray"
"Slat and pepper
"I was born with black hair
I was born blonde. I was tow headed roughly between 4 - 10. 
 dark enough for people to think it is black indoors
gray
fine slightly wavy
"My hair was very blonde for most of my childhood

Ash blonde


After having kids turned brown


 now a lot of it has turned into white-gray
 bleaches out in the summer"
Started going Gray about 61

"Born with red hair
"My hair started to gray when I was 21. By 35
brown
"My hair started receding during college


Born with very light blonde. darkened as aged.

404: Page not found – the page https://goo.gl/XQ2Voh does not exist.

Very thick until late 20's currently fairly fine and straight. There was a period where it was very curly in my late 40's for about 2 years then went straight again.
Born with more reddish color (dark strawberry blond)

"grey

Hair is very fine. Finest strands ever!
 straight"
"When I was a baby my hair was reddish blonde
 and my dad has very dark blue eyes (like the ocean). The outer ring of my eyes are a combination of theirs
 but the blue color is closer to #1 or #4. My eyes are very striking



Brown most of my life until aging went to gray
"Facial hair
blonde


 with red undertones"
"Hair was dark at birth





strabismus
diploplia
narrow angle glaucoma
nystagmus


Born with very dark brown hair. Started greying in my early to mid 30's. Now 80% or more grey.



Mother: hazel; one iris is larger than other
Father: light blue
Brother 1: blue-gray
Brother 2: brown


curly

Do not know blood type. Have checked multiple records.



auburn


Brown with red/blond highlights


"It was a deeper red when I was a kid.  Over the years my hair has faded a little

My hair has darkened as I grew older.



white
"I was born with near-white blonde hair which progressively darkened as I've aged

Medium/dark red
N/A
"very blonde at least until a few years old
 the pressure in my right eye is now down around 10-11.  "



 never colored"
brown


When I was a child my hair was bleach blonde. In the sun it turns blonde. Without sun it is a dark blonde

 and I have astigmatism and dry eyes. My sister has a meobian glad dysfunction
"Maternal grandfather had very blue eyes
"straight hair
"born with brown hair with a small white patch in front
Born with black hair then turned blonde then fell out and turned red/brown 
 coarse"


"Hair when born was golden platinum blonde

very blond when young
 my eyes look lighter in the sun."


deep brown almost black
brown

"I was bald at birth

had golden blonde hair until about 10 years old

hair turned light brown



When I was born I had a large patch of red hair that faded away to be highlights all over my head.



wavy



Was born a strawberry blonde
Blond hair when younger
Very dark brown originally


"I was born almost hairless as I understand it.  But had dark brown hair by the time of the age of 2.  Began male pattern as a late teen and am essentially bald except for a 1.5"" band of rather thick hair from temple to temple around the lower part of my skull."




born with very dark brown hair
"Born with ""dirty blonde"" hair
I was born with red hair


brown

"some hairs white
 with some gray"
"Blonde when younger
"Hair was blonde when younger
brown
brown




black
Hair was lighter shade of blonde as a child
I was blond when I was little. My hair gradually darkened with age.
 mother wore glasses. Began wearing glasses at age 7
brown





brown




Blonde when young.
"Strawberry Blonde underneath
brown
Born Blonde
 dark ring on outside
 bright red in beard"
born with white/blonde hair.  now a darker blonde.

When I was a child my hair was very light brown in the summer and medium brown in the winter.  About 45 it turned black as the gray came in.

Hair was very light as a child and then gradually darkened. Still have blonde areas of facial hair and areas with reddish undertones. 
 some gray"



"I've been told it's blond
I was born with light blond hair and had it throughout childhood.
"Born very light blond


very dark brown
My hair came back curly after chemotherapy as a child.  It has since straightened out again.  In summer I get red-blonde highlights.
red
Born a proud redhead

I had blonde hair as a child.  I also occasionally have red beard hairs.

"Blonde hair has not darkened or greyed with age. Beard has greyed.



I was born with blond hair that I kept through 4-6 years slowly turning auburn to brown to brown with gray strands
My hair has gotten darker the older I get. 
 my father had blue eyes.  Go figure. "
"Straight


light reddish brown
 however


"I don't have much gray hair
"light brown with equal amounts of red and blond



Blonde/light brown. Some grey strands
strawberry blonde level 7
"My hair is made up of red hair

"was golden to strawberry at birth


black
born with blonde hair

 while my mom and dad and sister are all  brown like 17 or 18. "

Was born blonde and stayed that way until elementary school when it started to darken
darker blonde near scalp
 gray coming in"




Most of my family and extended family have blue eyes 


I had brown hair most of my life.
had sandy brown hair until i was 3. 
born with white/blonde hair and it stayed that way until teenage years has slowly become reddish/brown and can lighten to a dirty blonde if I get enough sun exposure.



blonde
brown
brown





"BORN WITH BROWN HAIR
 and 4."

 seem to align with clothing


I'm probably close to 50% gray even though I'm only 35 yrs old



I was born with light blonde hair that eventually faded into light ashy brown.
mousey brown - used to be dirty blonde
"very light blonde in childhood
"Thick
Born with honey blonde hair.



"I was born with lots dark brown hair. It turned blond from when I was 1 until I was 5
dark blonde/light brown

 soft "
My hair was medium brown with auburn tones when I was younger
 gray and blond highlights"
"My hairtype has changed since childhood. I was born with medium-width



Shades of gold
fine light silvery grey

"blond as a child; brown as an adult

my father is colorblind
my brother is schizophrenic paranoid tin hat and everything never took meds

 dirty blonde"

brown when younger
brown when younger
Wavy and very thin and severe balding near corners of forehead. Has been like this for 25+ years.
light brown with some blond and a lot of red highlights
 etc.  "
"born with bright blonde straight hair






Brownish red
black hair with strands of gray
 ""You must be from the Ukraine.  Your eyes look Ukrainian."" I'm not from the Ukraine but test out mostly as Eastern European. My eye color is the same as at birth. My father's eyes were blue as are one brother's. My other brother has my eye color








"My eyes were

My hair in youth up until sometime in elementary school was very platinum blonde. It got darker as I got older and is not a medium golden blonde color.


"As a child


blonde as a child


very light / white as a toddler

 thicker on the sides and back"


 cataracts etc. I've always been severely myopic and I've always done ski racing (with helmet) but high impact sport."


blonde


His father (my paternal grandfather) was colorblind.
My mother is near-sighted in one eye and far-sighted in the other.

My hair started darkening to brown around age 14.


Hair was reddish blonde for first three-four years
I was born with very light blond hair

brown
Hair was dark red as a very young child and lightened to red blonde around age four
I had medium brown hair in my youth.




brown
Started out brown
 now gray"
There remains traces of my original color black.

Blonde when I was born but darkened as I got older


silver
dark blonde 
Born with blond hair and it stayed blond until I was in my early 20's. 

"hair was dark brown with red mixed into my beard when I was younger
Light brown to blonde with strands of different shades
 more grey
Born with brown
Beard color is more red than hair color
Deep auburn at birth
"Hair was darker when I was younger - almost black.  Also






I've had surgery for glaucoma and cataracts.

Both parents had macular degeneration.


