






My father had and sister has gray-green eyes (5). They seemed to change based on what they were wearing.

Both brothers have brown eyes like my mother's (21).






Father- blue







































Mother's eyes: Solid medium dark brown (most like #20 but with fewer variations)



My father was similar though he progressed to nearly black hair.





































- My father's mother = blue eyes.
- My sister & mother = green/blue-ish eyes. (Not sure about mother's parents)














allele1 allele2 probability

HLA-A* 03:01 26:01   100%  55%

HLA-B* 38:01 40:01   96%  86%

HLA-C* 12:03 07:02   100%  99%

HLA-DRB1* 04:04 09:01   82%  100%

HLA-DQA* 03:01 02:01    99%  76%

HLA-DQB1* 03:02 03:03   99%  98%

HLA-DPB* 04:04 09:01   82%  100%





























 purple










































































































































































One granddaughters has such blue eyes that people comment on them.
One son has green eyes as does one of his daughters. 




































 etc. Males with my surname tend to have long slender limbs and builds w/ low muscle mass. I have a thicker neck & broader shoulders than that norm






born bald til 3 yrs old
white
blond
red
strawberry red
brownish red

even darker brownish






then increasingly dark blonde in childhood; 
light brown by late adolescence or adulthood;




mother has green eyes with orange/brown in center
father has blue eyes





























































































































Father had brown eyes

















- I was diagnosed with endometriosis when my daughter was born via c-section in Sept 2005. ObGyn removed what she could and reported no signs or endometriosis when my son was born in April 2008 via c-section. Both of my kids were breech babies.

- I am the only one of 4 siblings not using glasses. My 3 siblings had had some eye surgery and wore glasses by the time they were 5 years old









Paternal history of glaucoma
























family hx of glaucoma.  family hx of nearsightedness





































 (if you removed my fat layer I am tiny).  Mom was tall


















tongue rolling-yes
arm folding- left hand on top






































 especially in photos.  Doesn't seem to get lighter when exposed to sun."






















































Have you considered having participants submit a photo of their eyes so you could draw the more subtle distinctions needed?   Closeup selfies could maintain confidentiality while giving you higher quality input. 









































































I have a vestigial vein in my left eye.







Prefer to write with left





























my daughter was diagnosed with ""retinal migraines"" in addition to her eye roll. she was also born pretty strongly farsighted. my dad wears a super strong prescription as well but I don't know his specifics.



my daughter didn't open her eyes at all for the first six weeks or so after she was born and then she slept with her eyes completely open every night until she was about 15 months old.



















have seen slightly different colors in eyes for as long as can remember




 and my mother developed this in later life.  My Maternal grandmother did not have this. Both me and my father have had ""wax pockets"" or clogged pores which have filled with so much wax






































































Mother's eyes: blue
Brother's eyes: brown









Predominant family members have brown eyes 
Not the same blue tones as either parent
Large eyes
Didn't note stripes (from the center outward) until approximately 18y/o



















Paternal family trait of needing glasses around puberty.



















































Mother's were hazel (yellow brown)






Changed to dark brown age 8




















After having kids turned brown














404: Page not found – the page https://goo.gl/XQ2Voh does not exist.


























strabismus
diploplia
narrow angle glaucoma
nystagmus






Mother: hazel; one iris is larger than other
Father: light blue
Brother 1: blue-gray
Brother 2: brown




Do not know blood type. Have checked multiple records.


















































had golden blonde hair until about 10 years old

hair turned light brown








































































































































































my father is colorblind
my brother is schizophrenic paranoid tin hat and everything never took meds
















































His father (my paternal grandfather) was colorblind.
My mother is near-sighted in one eye and far-sighted in the other.

My hair started darkening to brown around age 14.





































I've had surgery for glaucoma and cataracts.

Both parents had macular degeneration.


