






My father had and sister has gray-green eyes (5). They seemed to change based on what they were wearing.

Both brothers have brown eyes like my mother's (21).






Father- blue




















 then the weird not-blonde-not-brown color it is now (ash blonde??)"


















Mother's eyes: Solid medium dark brown (most like #20 but with fewer variations)



My father was similar though he progressed to nearly black hair.



 it was WHITE-blonde
I get fuzzy vision sometimes




 then gray."







 auburn
"My hair was jet black when I was born


















- My father's mother = blue eyes.
- My sister & mother = green/blue-ish eyes. (Not sure about mother's parents)












"Typical brunette. Lighter brown as a child

allele1 allele2 probability

HLA-A* 03:01 26:01   100%  55%

HLA-B* 38:01 40:01   96%  86%

HLA-C* 12:03 07:02   100%  99%

HLA-DRB1* 04:04 09:01   82%  100%

HLA-DQA* 03:01 02:01    99%  76%

HLA-DQB1* 03:02 03:03   99%  98%

HLA-DPB* 04:04 09:01   82%  100%





























 11












That was fun.







Right
























"I was born with the same brown hair. None of my brothers and sisters had the darker hair

My hair color at 60 years of age still matches the color of samples of my  hair saved from when I was a small child except that there is now a great deal of gray hair in places.












Right





Right








Right












Right





 but there were some blondes on her side. So I basically picked up only the recessive genes in my parents and have no idea why so many showed up in me













Left
















































Right
Eye photos lacked any green eye examples.  Please consider having participants send a jpg of each eye.  Hair color variations are significant so consider photos to choose from or a combination of colors.











One granddaughters has such blue eyes that people comment on them.
One son has green eyes as does one of his daughters. 











Left








 some darker."















 at temples"






born bald til 3 yrs old
white
blond
red
strawberry red
brownish red

even darker brownish






then increasingly dark blonde in childhood; 
light brown by late adolescence or adulthood;




mother has green eyes with orange/brown in center
father has blue eyes






























 and stayed that way until I started graying in my 50s."



 though I have a sister born with very blonde hair. Now I color it. But it has some graying in it at 53."








































"I was born with a darker head of hair. Overtime











Left
Right





















Right














Father had brown eyes

















- I was diagnosed with endometriosis when my daughter was born via c-section in Sept 2005. ObGyn removed what she could and reported no signs or endometriosis when my son was born in April 2008 via c-section. Both of my kids were breech babies.

- I am the only one of 4 siblings not using glasses. My 3 siblings had had some eye surgery and wore glasses by the time they were 5 years old









Paternal history of glaucoma










 to unfortunately now some white."













family hx of glaucoma.  family hx of nearsightedness












Right
 and let me tell you something... My hair is super thick. I can't stand how hot my head gets


Right




















 the no-color makes me look pale.  "


















tongue rolling-yes
arm folding- left hand on top



Right


































 or if wearing brown
















































 after my stroke"



 it has become very light grey - almost white - around my face. "

Have you considered having participants submit a photo of their eyes so you could draw the more subtle distinctions needed?   Closeup selfies could maintain confidentiality while giving you higher quality input. 










 orange







"In my opinion

















































Right




I have a vestigial vein in my left eye.







 as dark as image 16
 my hair is very dark




























my daughter was diagnosed with ""retinal migraines"" in addition to her eye roll. she was also born pretty strongly farsighted. my dad wears a super strong prescription as well but I don't know his specifics.



my daughter didn't open her eyes at all for the first six weeks or so after she was born and then she slept with her eyes completely open every night until she was about 15 months old.



















have seen slightly different colors in eyes for as long as can remember




 and grey hair






































































Mother's eyes: blue
Brother's eyes: brown









Predominant family members have brown eyes 
Not the same blue tones as either parent
Large eyes
Didn't note stripes (from the center outward) until approximately 18y/o



















Paternal family trait of needing glasses around puberty.
















 now graying"











 my hair has only darkened from mid-range brown to a darker brown. My mother's natural hair before greying and coloring was a very dark brown but without warm tones. I have two small spots of a few white hairs growing together. These have appeared over the last 6 years."






















Mother's were hazel (yellow brown)




"Dark brown

Changed to dark brown age 8












Right







After having kids turned brown














404: Page not found – the page https://goo.gl/XQ2Voh does not exist.










Right















strabismus
diploplia
narrow angle glaucoma
nystagmus






Mother: hazel; one iris is larger than other
Father: light blue
Brother 1: blue-gray
Brother 2: brown




Do not know blood type. Have checked multiple records.































 slight wave."
Right



Right













had golden blonde hair until about 10 years old

hair turned light brown






















































































I'm EXTREMELY curious about what the answers to these questions correlate to.




 but it's odd to call it grey because it's not the color grey that people's hair turns when they're old. Dark beige. 

















Right




























 aren't eye pigments related to melatonin? I've noted that my eyes sometimes grow greener during the summer months when I spend more time outdoors. Would someone with freckles exhibit unusual pigment reactivity to light exposure? 





























my father is colorblind
my brother is schizophrenic paranoid tin hat and everything never took meds

















 mice!) It has never been thick and full.  It is soft and smooth. My father's hair was pure white at his death at age 80. My mother had a beautiful full head of brunette hair but she died at age 35. Her mother's hair was a peppered gray in her old age (80s). My paternal grandmother had soft hair like mine.  They were English








"For about six years















Right





His father (my paternal grandfather) was colorblind.
My mother is near-sighted in one eye and far-sighted in the other.

My hair started darkening to brown around age 14.





































I've had surgery for glaucoma and cataracts.

Both parents had macular degeneration.


