2.5 —Comments



I'm adopted but my birth mother was described as having hazel eyes as was my birth grandmother
"My mother had brown eyes (21).

My father had and sister has gray-green eyes (5). They seemed to change based on what they were wearing.

Both brothers have brown eyes like my mother's (21).


same
Paternal grandmother has coloboma in one of her irises
"Darker when younger

Father- blue





"Both parents were near sighted. I am near sighted in my right eye because of being in a incubator for 11weeks. This in January to March 1960
"Both parents were near sighted. I was in a incubator for 11weeks from January 7
Hazel with brown tones



Many blue eyes in the family
I can't tell my eye color based on this.  I would have to look in mirror while holding color chart next to my eye.
same

same

"Mom's family all have dark brown eyes


"my left eye pupil is slightly larger. my dad has light blue eyes and my mom has green eyes. my sister's eyes are blue on the outer iris and orange around the pupil. my pupils are always huge for no reason unless im looking directly into light. i can move my right eye independent of my left eye
"yes- my eyes have a rusty color surrounding the iris that was not there before- I also have had lesions for two years




 grey outer ring

"Blue
"To my knowledge

"My parents have always informed me my eyes have a history of ""changing color"" depending on my mood and the lighting. Often golden ""flecks"" and a golden hue is what my mom would use to describe my eyes "



Same
"Because of the two outer rings

"Father's eyes: Ice-blue iris with some lighter and darker blue variations (most like image #4)
Mother's eyes: Solid medium dark brown (most like #20 but with fewer variations)



My father was similar though he progressed to nearly black hair.



medium blue
"I remember having a contest with a girl in high school where we would compare whose eyes were darker brown (this was during biology class
"My eye color has changed from blue to green since birth. My eyes are now similar to the eye color of my father

my eye color looks different at different times ranging from blue/green to green.

2


"Blue eye
Eye size is slightly asymmetric. Had above average visual acuity for most of my life in both eyes. Last eye exam placed me at 20/20.

My eyes looked much darker at birth and in early childhood.
My father had brown eyes and my mother had blue eyes.
 darker"
 then brown splotch around the iris"
Unsure of family history



"Astigmatism in both eyes

same


We all have dark brown eyes.
"My parents both had brown eyes. They had 4 children; I and one brother have brown eyes
"Family has a history of eye problems- macular degeneration
My siblings (7) total have eye color ranging from hazel to the blue color I have. My eye color is frequently remarked upon by strangers and friends.
clear blue

"- In both my eyes


- My father's mother = blue eyes.
- My sister & mother = green/blue-ish eyes. (Not sure about mother's parents)



"My eyes have always been blue.  The eye colors in your chart look more gray than blue - but perhaps my computer just does not show them correctly.  



very light blue
There is a history of glaucoma on my mother's side.  There is also a history of dark brown eyes with blue rings around them 
"Blue eyes are quite common in my family. No particular inherited eye diseases
same

 with slightly more brown around the pupil than 13

allele1 allele2 probability

HLA-A* 03:01 26:01   100%  55%

HLA-B* 38:01 40:01   96%  86%

HLA-C* 12:03 07:02   100%  99%

HLA-DRB1* 04:04 09:01   82%  100%

HLA-DQA* 03:01 02:01    99%  76%

HLA-DQB1* 03:02 03:03   99%  98%

HLA-DPB* 04:04 09:01   82%  100%







Less bright blue than younger. 
This seems to be incredibly dependent on the source of lighting. I felt I could replicate the conditions depicted in the example photographs by shining my phone's camera flash/flashlight 6 inches from my eye.






Right






"I have always had two different eye colors.  No one else in the family seems to have this anomaly.  Some of us have dry eyes





same
 blue


same
 with the rays extending to and almost to edge of iris"





"My maternal grandmother was a native of England


 barely visible light green inner ring"

same
brown
same


grey"
"Usually I say my eyes are hazel
"My two siblings have blue eyes

"When I spend a great deal of time in the summer sun

 brown inner ring"

 dark ring"



blue  more water than sky

"It was tough to choose! They're similar to 4


same


same
same
Blue
Dark brown with a slightly green ring on the outside

My eyes have always been dark brown.
"My eyes are very green!  Not blue
same
green with flecks and dark outer ring



Brown until a teenager then Green ever since




same

parents and sibling eyes both closer to picture 1
"I don't know birth color - to my recollection the ""brown"" that my eyes are has always been about the same."
 dark"




Dark utter ring more dominant than left and green to light brown
same

 dark grey-black ring around outside of iris


 severely scarred"

Salt and Pepper (Brown Pepper)

"My eyes are bright green if I'm mad



"Blue
"parents
grey or blue for everyone in the family other than my maternal grandmother who had brown eyes.


same
same






Same

 but never dark enough to be brown. The ""grey"" hair coming in from temple to temple started at age 42 and is more a bright and white



My eyes have gotten slightly lighter in color as I have gotten older


"My family has mainly light blue or grey eyes. I have the dark eyes of hazel or green eyes. My eye color may change from blue to grey to green
 with a light brown ring around center"





"Blue eyes at birth
same







"always the same color
That was hard! I'm not confident about this answer.
"My eyes are brown


same
 surrounding an inner amber brown circle around the pupil

"My eyes are unchanged (insofar as I remember) since my youth (I'm 48 now).  My biological sister (same parents) had blue eyes as a child



Great eyesight till late 40. Sometimes people say my eyes change color.

"green and blue
same

 main part green

 but now at 35
"I have a hx of chronic uveitis and am HLAB27+. I'm the only person in family on either side who has had this. Mother had extremely light blue eyes- approximately a # 1 on the chart. I have had ""pigmented lenses"" since at least age 30 per optomitrist. (Rentinal Pigmatosis?) Have needed glasses since age 8. Prescription is now -4.75 in both eyes. Glaucoma




"Same eye color from birth



Up until puberty both of my eyes were closer to 24 than 21.






Bright green eyes when growing up.

eye color is same as always
No changes over time that I've noticed
 color a bit more regular with more brown on top and more green on the bottom"


 the other 1/3 is hazel"
 with ring around outer edge"





"no changes
Color still the same
"Blue runs strongly in the family.
One granddaughters has such blue eyes that people comment on them.
One son has green eyes as does one of his daughters. 




"My eye color has faded drastically. They used to be very dark brown and are now almost ""hazel""."



same


Same



"Dark brown









 like a chestnut. Before the gray also came in
nothing unusual

blue
"Nothing to note other than i had excellent vision until my thirties
No useful comments.

none

Blue
"Was predominately blue as a child
15
 then black iris"
 as my hair goes down to below my shoulders in the back."

same


born bald til 3 yrs old
white
blond
red
strawberry red
brownish red

even darker brownish

My eyes at birth were a slightly lighter color blue gray and only darkened slightly as I aged based on looking back a photos.


"green

then increasingly dark blonde in childhood; 
light brown by late adolescence or adulthood;

hazel

"unsure about eye color at birth
mother has green eyes with orange/brown in center
father has blue eyes




"father had cataracts in both eyes

"Although I have green eyes

Gray Sclera





My eyes are mostly a blue-grey color but there is a tiny bit of brownish green right at the edge of my outer iris.
"More like 14-15 around the pupil
My eyes are bluer than the pictures.
blue grey
My irises sometimes look bluer and sometimes more hazel. It depends on the day (and probably mostly the background light)







"Eye color is the same as at birth


"Green with dark green outer ring
"same



 dark blue lines"
same


my eyes used to be hazel but changed to permanently green around age 20





same
eye color has lightened with age.


my family all has brown eyes
My eyes seem more green when the pupil is contracted 

"When I cry my eyes turn a green color
"My eyes were dark brown until high school




 bit darker"
"eyes were blue at birth.  mom has hazel
Hazel






 then blue-gray ring on the outside"
"I think my eyes are greener than when I was young.  I have a brown spot next to the pupil of my left eye

My moms side of the family has both blue eyes and a tendency toward macular degeneration.  My dads side has brown/green eyes.
"Originally dark brown


 hold a dishrag to wash dishes. I write right-handed and do most else right-handed.
"My paternal aunt
14







same

same

They used to be more blue/green in color. Left pupil is slightly bigger than right pupil.  My eve doctor was concerned that the pupil in my left eye reacted to light slower than my right eye.
Grey/blue ring with black and white lines radiating through blue iris with a small amt of yellowish around the pupil















 grey"

Eyes are slightly lighter than when I was born.
same
Father with legal blindness from macular degeneration. There is a history of blindness in men in his genealogy with unknown cause.
My eyes seem to pick up the blue or green in clothes I wear and so sort of change colors 
 which are yellow/gold not brown"









"both parents blue eyed


same
"Siblings (2 brothers
Father had brown eyes





"""Blue"" is the color I was told I had as a child

 sometimes appears more green"

all of my dad's offspring and their children have blue eyes - including a set of half black half white twins.


I have common brown eyes.
"When I was younger
My eyes appear to change colors from blue to grey to green


- I was diagnosed with endometriosis when my daughter was born via c-section in Sept 2005. ObGyn removed what she could and reported no signs or endometriosis when my son was born in April 2008 via c-section. Both of my kids were breech babies.

- I am the only one of 4 siblings not using glasses. My 3 siblings had had some eye surgery and wore glasses by the time they were 5 years old
Left


 flecks




"Very near-sighted
Paternal history of glaucoma




All of my family has blue eyes. My eyes are about the same color as they were at birth. All of my family wears corrective lenses except me.
I use lumigan eye drops

My eyes are pretty much all brown and appear to have been the same color since I was a child. There is no history of eye disease in my family. My mother has brown eyes and my father has blue eyes.
I believe I was born with blue eyes.

Nothing special with my eyes.  My dad's eyes are blue and my mom's are green.









Blue with some green


"eyes at birth were dark blue as all babies are. astigmatism in my eye.
family hx of glaucoma.  family hx of nearsightedness


already did this

My eyes change color from pale blue-gray to rich ocean blue to full green depending on ... clothes? emotional state? energy level? I can't say for sure.



My eyes were dark brown until puberty when they changed to green over less than a year.



"This is a recessive color in my family - same as my maternal grandmother. Both of my parents and all of my siblings have brown eyes.  My niece also has the same color eyes as me.  I have CHRPEs in both eyes
22
I am nearsighted with astigmatism.
One upper eyelid folds more than other. Makes one eye shape more round than other when eyes are open.
"I took a few image closeups of my eyes with a good camera ... but I am really having a hard time distinguishing between 1–4 on your iris color chart!  I think I am as blue as 1

"I was thought to have brown eyes when young
"My eyes have always been a deep blue. Looking closely for this survey I can see a very small amount of hazel near the iris. Both my brother and I have blue eyes

same


Color changed under stress.


127
I am told that everyone in my family is born with blue eyes. I thought for some reason that all babies were.


Maybe I'm silly but my eyes are greener than anything I see above.  There is definitely a brown center like 14 & 15 but the color around it is as hazel/moss greenish as it could be.  


same


22
My father has bright blue eyes and my mother had pretty much the same color that I have.
Eyes in my family run in the blue to green range.  Kids (including me) often start out more blue and then darken somewhat as they grow up.


Few flecks


My eyes were blue as a child and then went to gray and then green in adulthood

My eyes have staid a deep brown all my life.

"Hazel looking brown at times and green at times




"mother brown eyes

tongue rolling-yes
arm folding- left hand on top


severe myopia
"I started life with brown eyes
eyes were blue at birth

Eyes were blue at birth until approx. 4 y/o. Family history of glasses.



Several members of family are near & far sighted at once.
"My eyes did not turn green until about the age of 18 months. They were blue prior. My maternal grandmother had the same color eyes and my daughter has them


My eye color has been the same since birth and everyone in my family has brown eyes.

Eyes were tested because of color/different color around outside when I was young - nothing found.
"My eyes were blue through my childhood and gradually turned more green through my teenage years. My eye color changes when I am sick
Eyes are less blue than they were as a child. Blue eyes common in family.  Retinal detachment and macular degeneration common in family history.

"My eyes were light blue when I was young. They have since developed into a greenish-blue and in certain circumstances they change colors from either light blue
 small inner ring light brown"

eyes more closely resemble father's color.  mother had a bluer tint.





More pronounced limbal ring than shown in photos. My eye color has been the same since birth.
I have six siblings. They all have beautiful blue eyes. I am the only one with brown eyes.





sort of a blue/grey combo 
same
14




without the black spots"
 brown around pupil"






same
eyes were blue at birth changed to hazel




"I think my eyes were bluer when I was born.  They look different depending on what I wear
"Maternal grandfather suffers from eye disease (unspecified)
My father and I have the same eye color.
 without freckling"








blue-gray sometimes brown in center
"blue-gray
No change that I know of.

Father had glaucoma 








"Color is same as at birth

same




same

same

Have you considered having participants submit a photo of their eyes so you could draw the more subtle distinctions needed?   Closeup selfies could maintain confidentiality while giving you higher quality input. 


Both eyes are a deep dark blue with brown mixed in.
I used to be told my eyes were hazel.  But they were bluer when I was born and growing up than they are now. 




14

  and dark grey exterior ring"



"My mom had to have cataracts surgery.


grey/blue



"brown


 one brown fleck"


Corneal abrasion has led to long term recurrent corneal erosion.

"Family has had blue eyes


color of my eyes has not changed
color stays the same






Sometimes the brown ring around my pupil seems darker or larger.














same

My father/mother/brother all have green eyes.  I have blue.  My maternal grandmother had brown eyes.

My eyes were blue at birth.




"my eye color was darker
hazel





 Grey
"I have archus sinilis as does my mother.
I have a vestigial vein in my left eye.


THE GREEN IN MY EYES IS SOMETIMES MORE VISIBLE THEN OTHERS THE BLUE HOWEVER IS THE MAIN COLOR OF MY EYES AND IS WHAT IS ON MY I.D. AND BIRTH CERTIFICATE




 whatever it is
"Like number 14
My eyes were darker hazel when I was younger.  They are now more green and less brown.
My eyes were darker hazel-more brown and less green when I was younger.
My dad's family is 90% blue eyed.  I have my mom's eyes.

 green around pupil"
Maternal grandmother's eyes were different colors. 

I have always considered my eyes black because it is often hard to discern the pupil. They seem lighter though than my youth.
Same
blue
 blue with silver and teal starburst and a more vivid dark aqua ring around the outside"


same



My eyes were bright blue at birth and as a young child


Was much darker when I was younger - almost black. Now it seems to be a lighter hue of dark brown and I'm finding a few white hairs already (probably due to stress).

"my eye color is way different than it was when I was little. my eyes were pale blue until I was in around 3rd grade. then they still were kind of grey for years and only in my teens some orange came in. in my twenties they started hazel and gradually got to the muted green they are now at 35. they both still have some orange





my daughter was diagnosed with ""retinal migraines"" in addition to her eye roll. she was also born pretty strongly farsighted. my dad wears a super strong prescription as well but I don't know his specifics.



my daughter didn't open her eyes at all for the first six weeks or so after she was born and then she slept with her eyes completely open every night until she was about 15 months old.









"I was told about two and a half years ago by an opthamologist that my lenses are having trouble focusing. Over time



"Eyes are currently a lighter shade of blue than they were at birth. Nearsighted. Contact prescription is left eye -2.75 right eye -3.00. Right eye has been consistently far more near sighted than left eye


Color is lighter now than as a child. History of very dark blue and green eyes run on both sides of the family.
"right pupil is slightly larger sometimes

have seen slightly different colors in eyes for as long as can remember

Nothing. 
"light blue/gray with a yellowish/greenish/goldish/hazelish ring around the pupil

"My eyes seem to have changed from solid brown to this ringed design.  I have the bad habit of sleeping with my right eye buried in my pillow and this has distorted my cornea
"No eye disease to report

"Brown in middle



 ever seen this in any other client I met doing hair
"Dad has blue eyes (picture 4)






"I am quite myopic
normal blue eyes

Don't have anything to add-nothing stands out.  My eyes are dark brown.
no not that anyone recalls

I've had optic neuritis and papilledema in my left eye. I also have histoplasmosis in both eyes. 
Glaucoma and retinal detachment on mother's side.
eyes will change from a 3-4 to an 11-13
Father born with cataracts




the shade of brown has gotten lighter since my childhood
same









Born with my eyes more blue. 
"I had blue eyes as a young child. They were green by the age of 13.

Right
 slight green outer edge"
brown


"The intensity of the blue-ness of my eyes can change from day to day.  Some days they may appear more gray or have shards of hazel.  Usually they are distinctly blue

I believe I had a darker eye color in my childhood.

"Both brothers and dad have blue eyes







Family history of Blue or Green Eyes. No Brown Eye Color in Family Tree


"My eyes would change color between green and blue growing up

"parents have dark eyes


same

"Father's eyes: brown
Mother's eyes: blue
Brother's eyes: brown

I was born with dark brown eyes but as an adult they've changed. I appear to have central heterochromia in both eyes now and they are mostly green
Same





 a hint of gold striping
Predominant family members have brown eyes 
Not the same blue tones as either parent
Large eyes
Didn't note stripes (from the center outward) until approximately 18y/o




I am colorblind

 with green flecks"

I am getting a lighter color ring around my brown irises which I am told is cholesterol.

"My mother always said I had blue eyes until she looked at them (a second time?!) when I was about 10. I am the only one in my birth family who does not have pure blue eyes. All four of my children have blue eyes. A granddaughter has green eyes but her father (my son-in-law) does





"near sighted
Right lid droops (same as my fathers)
same
Paternal family trait of needing glasses around puberty.













Blueberry is the description provided by others. 
"History of lazy eye. My left eye is ""lazy"""

green
same




Probably less vivid than when I was young 

More blue at birth
"At birth my eye color was similar to photograph number 3


"The iris color of both my eyes was closest to image 4 through most of my childhood
blue eyes at birth







"Blue eyes at birth
same eye color as paternal grandmother
eye color from paternal grandmother
Parents and sibling have brown eyes.

same

Sometimes my eyes look teal or greenish blue
complete heterochromia  
My eyes are blue with green on the inside. One eye has reddish brown speck in it. They used to be completely blue with the one speck. The green on the inside has appeared in the last year. 
"Very good eyesight


"Father had Blue eyes
Mother's were hazel (yellow brown)


"blue

 such as any sort of cleaning

Changed to dark brown age 8



Mother has macular degeneration (wet).
same




same
Blue eyes on both sides of the family. Family history of retinal detachment. 
My eye color was difficult to match to the samples. My mother has Macular degeneration. People remarked on the color of my eyes when I was younger.

same
"color is lighter
Much more blue eyes at birth.  My brother has one blue eye and other eye almost entirely brown.  No serious family diseases I am aware of.
Yes my eyes were a solid blue color until puberty and pregnancy at 16 then they turned colors and my son born from that pregnancy eyes did the same thing
Same
"Blue at birth

After having kids turned brown

macular degeneration
No particular regular irregularity. Father has glaucoma
As a child my eyes were a dark blue/gray.  Like #4.



Left eye has more prominent ring of yellow/tan around pupil compared to right.
"grayish blue




"full-size image: https://goo.gl/XQ2Voh: 
404: Page not found – the page https://goo.gl/XQ2Voh does not exist.




"my eyes were more blue when younger. My father's eyes were blue

All six of my siblings have blue eyes. I am the only hazel. Same parents for all of us.

My eyes were a brighter blue when I was a child. 
"Dark blue outer ring
"Dark blue outer ring

"used to be much more green


Father has pronounced anisocoria.
 gray hazel with a darker ring"
Always the same.

eye color tends to change between blue and green (sometimes hazel) with my environment and the color clothes I wear.




 dark brown heterochromia iridium"
"exotropia
strabismus
diploplia
narrow angle glaucoma
nystagmus



"My eyes were nearly purple at birth


Mother: hazel; one iris is larger than other
Father: light blue
Brother 1: blue-gray
Brother 2: brown


same

Do not know blood type. Have checked multiple records.

Eyes were reportedly black at birth and lightened up over the first year or two of age.
Eyes were reportedly black at birth and lightened during the first year or two.
family history of glaucoma and cataracts


same




My eyes were much lighter when I was younger.  My mother had brown eyes and my father had blue eyes.

Blue with gold and grey
"Dad's hair was a dark brown with some curl
 grey with light brown flecks close to pupil"


"My eyes are seem to change color with my mood; they tend to be more darker and brown when I am angry
remained same

"There has been optic nerve damage in my right eye




"maternal line all very light blue eyes. Mother

color bind!!


same
brown in center



I had a hard time differentiating between the different blue eyes in your photo. #1 looks darker than #2 and #5!


My father and his family all have gray/green eyes with golden/hazel flecks or ring around pupils


"Dark Brown now


same
 but Brown amber spots in different locations around pupil"



had golden blonde hair until about 10 years old

hair turned light brown



My eye color tends to fluctuate wildly from dark browns to light greens (9-20) depending on the day/mood/environment.



same
When I was young my eyes were brown. In my late teens they became hazel.
Think that my eye color had faded somewhat over the years

My mother has eyes of two different shades of brown
Family history of degenerative eye disease









Nothing noteworthy



"yes

"slate blue-gray with brown rays in the center 1/3



"brown
"brown




"When I was younger
Eyes were deeper blue as a child.  

"Eyes have always remained same color. Father had blue eyes
"unevenly shaded light greenish blue

"gray-green

"5 sibs

"My eyes used to be darker. My family has a history of cataracts





Same
"We have a wide variety of eye colors in my family.  My father's is blue

 copper streaky ring near pupil



My father and sister diagnosed with a lazy eye.  My father's worse so severe that he had it removed and now wears a patch.

Had strabismus in right eye as child. 

"My eye doctor said my eyes change color based on my menstrual cycle but she said they were green...my driver license says hazel.


same




same

same
My eyes have stayed the same my whole life.  I had a grandparent with macular degeneration. I am currently experiencing strabismus.

My aunt has magular degeneration.  I was tested on the Farnsworth-Munsell 100 HueColor Vision Test and received 100%.
Born with blue eyes.
Above links to photos did not work



Ring is new to birth eye color.  No known abnormalities with parent's eyes

hazel
"My eyes used to be much bluer. They have aged into a grey color


"Iris Color
aqua



"blue at birth
"My eye color was bluer as a younger person.


"My four daughters
same





 can detect lighting. Eye injury when I was small
eye color changes to blue or green depending on what color clothes I wear

"I was an adult when I first noticed the brown ""blob"" in my right eye


Eyes have gradually turned more brown


"Was told I had blue eyes at birth (until ~1 year). 


 dark blue spots
"Both parents Brown



half brother (maternal) had blue eyes up until early teen years and they changed to green.



Same
 almost black"
 blue ring around green "
"Father blue eyes





same

"Seems to vary based on unknown factors; sun exposure
My mother's eyesight was perfect up until her death at age 84. She was far-sighted by only 1.50. She did have cataracts removed about 6 months before she died. Her eyes were dark brown. My father's eyes were hazel. more blueish then green. But they also changed color according to his mood. His eyesight was bad. He needed glasses for everything. 






"My brothers







"My father had two different colored eyes


All family members have light blue eyes.  I have been told by optometrist that I have very little pigment in my eyes.


"Eye color same as at birth. Father has same color eyes


"Dark blue ring getting lighter towards the pupil. Symmetrical but my left eye has always been more sensitive to light and wind
 1 brown spot towards center of face."



my father is colorblind
my brother is schizophrenic paranoid tin hat and everything never took meds





Only daughter out of 4 girls that has blue eyes.
"""same"""
"My eye color seems to change hue



"(Full size image couldn't be found so I did the best comparison from the regular size pictures)

"When I’m sick or don’t feel well

"I have family in both maternal and paternal

green with brown center








 almost black


images above do not accurately represent green color
My left eye is smaller (or rather doesn't open as much as my right eye)

"








All family members have the same eye color as me.
"I have a history of myopia
same

"Dad's side of the family has mostly blue eyes

"My father has Usher Syndrome (Type 2). I am a carrier.
His father (my paternal grandfather) was colorblind.
My mother is near-sighted in one eye and far-sighted in the other.

My hair started darkening to brown around age 14.





"Hazel






 with flecks."




They have a hint of grey in them but not enough to say they’re hazel


"As infant
same


right pupil is smaller than left pupil
Blue with yellow central heterochromia










"
I've had surgery for glaucoma and cataracts.

Both parents had macular degeneration.


